hello YouTube so in today's tutorial I'm
going to be showing you how to get free
art sponsorships okay so before I begin
I just want to say hello I haven't been
here in a while so please forgive me and
I want to say that these are just tips
and I do not actually guarantee that you
will get them that you will get other
ships but these little hooks so to start
off you're gonna need your email and a
couple of photos of your recent artwork
and yeah the email of the company that
you're wishing to get a sponsorship from
search doctor email you of course gonna
want to say hello my name is blank
I am currently blink-blink-blink and
you're gonna kinda give them a bit of
background information I'm gonna be
providing mine as a reference for you
guys down in the description so be sure
to check that out okay so you're gonna
want to start by saying hi my name is
bling and kind of gives them a bit of
background about you and why you want to
sponsorship whether it's for money for
economic hardships they simply don't
have it in your area or whatever the
case may be you want to tell them what
tell them it nicely and then tell them
what it is you want and it if you have
any social media links be sure to put
those up in that email put the link and
be like oh this is mine if you want to
go and check that out
and then show them your work make like a
little portfolio a portfolio it doesn't
have to be fancy just kind of copy and
paste your photos that you've taken make
sure that they're in good lighting good
condition that you know you can actually
see them
I'm gonna be showing you guys a lot of
the things that I have gotten okay so
I'm going to be showing you guys some of
the art materials and art companies that
I've sponsored me and I will provide the
emails down in the description below so
you can also you know them so the first
one that I got it from was koh-i-noor
I'm very sorry if I'm mispronouncing the
name and he sent me up a pack of 36 to
watercolor set then they sent me some
pastel pencils so the next our company
is dollar bounty and they were really
really generous they supply me with a
lot and I think that they also sponsor a
lot of people also so give them a try
they sent me a pack of sketch pencils a
little mini sketchbook which is great
for traveling a hardcover sketchbook
which I'm currently using Domon little
pitch
and then they sent me another harder to
cover tongue and sketchbook and then
they sent me a lot of watercolor tubes
and what if an art company responds to
you and they say oh we would love to
sponsor you tell them if you want like
something in specific be like oh I was
wondering it maybe could send me some of
these supplies another really generous
our company was my jello and they sent
me this watercolor which I absolutely
love
I've used them along to tell me very
very excellent if you guys want to see
me do a review tell me them to comment
and then they sent me this little mini
watercolor set which is also there for
traveling
and that's pretty much all you learn
just remember your mother companies tell
them who you are what what you draw like
specifically kindly ask them where you
would like to receive and send them a
couple of your recent artwork and that's
it so I hope you guys have I hope you
guys have a great day hope you guys also
get a lot of our sponsorship if you're
new to my channel please make sure to
hit that like and subscribe button and I
greatly appreciate it
see you guys later
we're doing